hi i'm amar I'm the end and this is hey
that's on netflix instant watch where we
tell you things to watch on netflix in
stock we were going to film a just added
this week but in light of Robin Williams
passing away decided to get a little
more serious and share with you guys
what our Robin Williams Netflix marathon
has been like this week as we've been
celebrating his work he's very prolific
and talented actor and we're very sorry
that he's no longer with us Robin
Williams was not just a genius in
comedic acting but also dramatic acting
and a lot of his best movies are
actually on Netflix we didn't know Robin
personally though I certainly wish that
I did been a great inspiration for me as
an improviser but we did know him
through his work and just wanna let you
guys know what there is out there to
watch our first go-to was hook of course
it is a great Peter Pan story of when
Peter as an adult revisits Neverland we
were just watching this like a few days
ago and the fact that Robin Williams
throws himself into like this adult who
was interacting with his very childish
elements it's just incredible he buys
into it he's playing with Tinkerbell
he's playing with the Lost Boys the rest
of the cast is great too and the
directing and it's just a really great
movie one of my favorites also a fellow
youtuber Thomas Toolik is in it he plays
the youngest lost boy and he has a
YouTube channel you can go check him out
and support him he doesn't he hasn't
really changed that much you can I could
tell it's at another movie that's on
netflix that we've been watching a lot
recently it's Popeye it's funny because
like I've heard some people say like
best pop I ever and you want to be like
wool the cartoon is the best pop I ever
but watching the movie you're like no
actually I in there is the best yeah
it's like it all works it's just like so
great it's right in your face and
Shelley Duvall is olive oil yep yep yep
the fisher king is on netflix instant
watch which i previously had not watched
ever but as i was looking for all the
robin williams work on netflix i found
it it's directed by terry gilliam so I
don't know how that one got past me
terry gilliam is one of my favorite
directors it is about a radio host who
encounters a homeless gentleman who's a
little bit off played by robin williams
and the radio host is jeff bridges even
though there's not really a supernatural
element which I associate with Gilliam
there is some imagery there's red Knight
that
very gilliam plastic and robin williams
is really great in it is a very very
poignant story that addresses
homelessness and just everyday life the
world I have hardships there is a one
scene of graphic violence i will say so
just be prepared it's only one scene in
a flashback but be prepared for that
another one of Robin Williams works
that's on netflix is a movie that I grew
up with it's one of my childhood movies
The Birdcage is based off focaccia Falls
killers and it is about some gay
gentleman mm-hmm which Robin Williams
plays one Nathan Nathan Lane Nathan Lane
is in end everyone's in it it's really
no piece of Simpson my math that was
really hard to say as a kid I used to
like when you get tasters at like Costco
or whatever like the whole samples I'd
be like oh one for the road and I do I
can I didn't know like who exactly guys
are personating but like I've watched
the movie so many times the adventures
of baron munchausen is on netflix
instant watch i'll give that one an
honorable mention to our list because it
doesn't star Robin Williams he plays
this moon face but I mean it's there and
it's great you could see him being great
I think you can watch aid another
Gilliam movie so you can't really go
wrong and I guess the big one that we're
all kind of obsessed with and we've been
obsessed with since it came out was
Jumanji just celebrate for a moment if
you're just now learning that your
laundry's on netflix instant yeah if you
don't know Jumanji zone nothing really
big news if you didn't know this you can
watch it right now Jumanji is one of my
favorite movies weirdly it's a weird
thing to say is one of your favorite
movies when I was rewatching it as an
adult I was struck again of how great a
performance that Robin Williams gives
he's so good at being funny while giving
weight to the role at the same time if
we were doing another video I would geek
out so hard just in depth about how good
Jumanji is because it has such a
difficult job to do and then it does it
well I can't Taiwan right now I should
do like edge of audrey podcast you
should the flooding freaked me out the
quicksand floor freaked me out quicksand
floor oh and he's so funny and yeah oh
and the spiders come down Oh guys
nothing he's right the part that I
remember the most and I yell as a kid
like all the time like in the car my mom
is driving and you get really mad at me
I'd be like Stampede Ron so those are
the movies that we've been marathoning
to celebrate the really indescribable
talent of Robin Williams there are also
some other movies on netflix instant
watch that future Robin Williams that I
actually have not watched yet World's
Greatest Dad you seen that who is
hearing Nelson mm-hmm get Bruce the
documentary and the big wedding if you
have access to hulu plus Mork and Mindy
is on hulu plus we're not going to
discriminate against you Laplace this
video because you should definitely
watch more community that has been
really interesting to watch now and it's
really early in his career again we
don't really know what to say it's just
so upsetting but the best way that we
could kind of appreciate someone's life
is to look at their body of work if we
didn't know them personally it's
difficult really to say anything again
we didn't really know him but I was
reading a statement that his daughter
Zelda who's named after the video game
wrote and she said we're all gonna have
to work twice as hard now to make this
world is having funny so anyways what
are your favorite Robin Williams movies
or things that you've been marathoning
leave your answers in the comments below
sorry if that was weird to get a little
series for this video we don't usually
do this and it feels kind of weird but
just again wanted to let you know that
these movies are there we love you guys
take care of yourselves oh and send us
wall thing send a small thing send us
right here here's the PL by extend this
to them I would love some Genie stuff
back here alright guys take care of
yourselves and we will see you later all
right well is Disney hipsters how do you
know if your Disney hipster